### Container Images (release 240725)

- `deepgram/onprem-api:release-240725`
  - Equivalent image tag to `deepgram/onprem-api:1.118.7`


- `deepgram/onprem-engine:release-240725`
  - Equivalent image tag to `deepgram/onprem-engine:3.73.4 `
  - Minimum required NVIDIA driver version: `>=525.60.13`


- `deepgram/onprem-license-proxy:release-240725`
  - Equivalent image tag to `deepgram/onprem-license-proxy:1.6.2`


- `deepgram/onprem-billing:release-240725`
  - Equivalent image tag to `deepgram/onprem-billing:1.9.3`


- `deepgram/onprem-dgtools:release-240725`
  - Equivalent image tag to `deepgram/onprem-dgtools:2.1.7`



### This Release Contains The Following Changes

- Enables transcription of mixed English and Spanish audio, using our new English/Spanish [multilingual code-switching](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) model.
  - Requires a new language model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `language=multi`.


- (Beta) Enables [entity detection](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/detect-entities) of 50+ [supported entity types](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) for English pre-recorded audio. Previously, this feature has only been available on our hosted endpoint.
  - Requires a new entity-detection model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - In your `api.toml` file, enable with the [feature flag](https://deepgram.gitbook.io/help-center/self-hosted/how-can-i-enable-entity-detection-or-redaction-in-my-self-hosted-deployment) `entity_detection = true`.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `detect_entities=true`.


- (Beta) Expands our [redaction](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) capabilities to support 50+ [supported entity types](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) for English pre-recorded audio.
  - Requires a new entity-detection model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - In your `api.toml` file, enable with the [feature flags](https://deepgram.gitbook.io/help-center/self-hosted/how-can-i-enable-entity-detection-or-redaction-in-my-self-hosted-deployment) `entity_detection = true` and `entity_redaction = true`.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `redact={class_to_redact}`.


- (Beta) Enables next-generation streaming entity formatting for English audio. Formats entities for maximum readability and naturalness, such as dates, times, emails, and mailing addresses.
  - Requires a new entity-detection model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - Requires a non-formatted English streaming speech-to-text model. Appropriate models contain the substring  `en.non-formatted.streaming` in their name.
  - In your `engine.toml` file, enable with the [feature flag](https://deepgram.gitbook.io/help-center/self-hosted/how-can-i-enable-entity-detection-or-redaction-in-my-self-hosted-deployment) `streaming_ner_formatting = true`.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `smart_format=true`.


- Logs a warning if a user-provided TOML configuration file path is invalid and the default fallback configuration is used.
- Reduces Engine container logging noise by downgrading log-level of the `/models` endpoint heartbeat from `INFO` to `DEBUG`.
- Fixes an error when summarizing empty audio.
- Returns empty audio instead of a 400 error when unutterable text is provided for TTS.
- Keeps our software up-to-date.

