### Container Images (release 240827)

- `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-api:release-240827`
  - Equivalent image to:
    - `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-api:1.119.1`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-api:release-240827`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-api:1.119.1`




- `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-engine:release-240827`
  - Equivalent image to:
    - `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-engine:3.73.4`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-engine:release-240827`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-engine:3.73.4`


  - Minimum required NVIDIA driver version: `>=525.60.13`


- `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-license-proxy:release-240827`
  - Equivalent image to:
    - `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-license-proxy:1.6.2`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-license-proxy:release-240827`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-license-proxy:1.6.2`




- `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-billing:release-240827`
  - Equivalent image to:
    - `quay.io/deepgram/self-hosted-billing:1.9.3`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-billing:release-240827`
    - `quay.io/deepgram/onprem-billing:1.9.3`





### This Release Contains The Following Changes

- Deepgram's core products are available to host both on-premises and in the cloud. Official resources have been updated to refer to a ["self-hosted" product offering](https://deepgram.com/self-hosted), instead of an "onprem" product offering, to align the product name with industry naming standards.
  - The Deepgram image repositories have been updated to reflect this. Images should now be pulled from the `self-hosted-*` Quay repositories.
  - For the next twelve months, both `onprem-*` and `self-hosted-*` image repositories will receive identical image updates monthly, and we will announce image tags in the `self-hosted` repositories. Subsequently, we will only publish new images to `self-hosted-*` repos, deprecating `onprem-*` repository variants.


- Enables [entity detection](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/detect-entities) of 50+ [supported entity types](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) for English pre-recorded audio. Previously, this feature has only been available on our hosted endpoint.
  - Requires a new entity-detection model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - In your `api.toml` file, enable with the [feature flag](https://deepgram.gitbook.io/help-center/self-hosted/how-can-i-enable-entity-detection-or-redaction-in-my-self-hosted-deployment) `entity_detection = true`.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `detect_entities=true`.


- Expands our [redaction](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) capabilities to support 50+ [supported entity types](https://developers.deepgram.com/docs/supported-entity-types) for English pre-recorded audio.
  - Requires a new entity-detection model; contact your Deepgram representative.
  - In your `api.toml` file, enable with the [feature flags](https://deepgram.gitbook.io/help-center/self-hosted/how-can-i-enable-entity-detection-or-redaction-in-my-self-hosted-deployment) `entity_detection = true` and `entity_redaction = true`.
  - Invoke with the URL parameter `redact={class_to_redact}`.


- Keeps our software up-to-date.



